Say I forgive your innocence
Your Majesty, this situation is easy to solve
Her Majesty is the Queen of Big Money
In the eyes of the common people, it is to obey the will of heaven and control the people
All you need is for His Majesty to eat a yellow worm in public
And burn some yellow worms in public
Tell the people that yellow bugs are just pests
Rather than a punishment from God
The perception of the people is broken
Nature will work hard for the crops
Lamb you are bold
Red Worm is the unrepentant thing of the river
How dare you let His Majesty eat
Isn't it a sin to be a pig?
Emperor bugs are pests
Your Majesty, how can the ninety-five supreme beings eat that pest?
This lamb is too rude
I implore your majesty to punish severely
Your Majesty, I can be executed with one heart
Your Majesty, please punish me severely.
It's nonsense
You let me eat locusts
Your Majesty, the awareness of the people must be broken
Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable
Dog bites you boldly
You are a heartwarming pig. Enough is enough.
For the safety of the people
I am willing to eat locusts in public
This empress really loves you
But Your Majesty Guanzhong is far from Chang'an
At present, the DPRK and China still need His Majesty to take charge
How to get it right?
It's Gao Yang
I want to sit in Chang'an
There is no way to get to Guanzhong.
You have another way
The minister has forgotten this
That's tricky.
If His Majesty cannot go to Guanzhong
The common people
They will definitely think that this imperial disaster is a punishment from heaven
It's a natural disaster
It is the punishment of the emperor
This is definitely not willing to destroy the emperor
Here, the emperor is swept away
It's not just the Guanzhong region that will suffer
I'm afraid it's the three counties nearby
Tens of thousands of people will be implicated
Xiao Yang
What does my wife do?
Your Majesty, I have it again.
Your Majesty, since it cannot be ignored
Then General Wang Zhong held the imperial decree as His Majesty cleared it
Eat the emperor bug in front of the people
Claiming to be the reincarnation of Immortal Exterminator
His sins of destroying the emperor all help his gods
That's okay.
The emperor is ugly
It's uncomfortable.
Is General Wang willing?
Is there any choice for this old man?